Personalization guide (#338)
supercid/wiki-docs: implementing-nosto/implement-on-your-website/advanced-implementation/adding-support-for-customer-group-pricing.md

In this article, you will learn how to implement multi-variants in Nosto. When the implementation is complete, you will be able to display different products at different prices to different customer groups.

## Edge cases

> If either of the following cases applies to you, we recommend either an API implementation or fetching the prices via a frontend API (instead of sending the price variations to Nosto). Please [reach out to our team](mailto:onboarding@nosto.com) or your Nosto onboarding manager for additional consultation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either of the following cases applies to you, we recommend either an API implementation or fetching the prices via the frontend API of your platform instead of sending the price variations to Nosto. Shopify for example has the [Storefront API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/storefront/latest) and our Shopware plugin has an [endpoint for multi-currency](https://github.com/Nosto/nosto-shopware6/blob/develop/src/Api/Controller/NostoMulticurrencyController.php) that you can extend. Please [reach out to our team](mailto:onboarding@nosto.com) or your Nosto onboarding manager for additional consultation. 
```

> If either of the following cases applies to you, we recommend either an API implementation or fetching the prices via an frontend API (instead of sending the price variations to Nosto). Please [reach out to our team](mailto:onboarding@nosto.com) or your Nosto onboarding manager for additional consultation.

Reviewer 2: ```md
or fetching the prices via the frontend API
```

* You can only change the pricing and the availabilities using this feature.

> * You cannot use SKUs with this feature at the time of writing.

Reviewer 2: ```md
You cannot use SKUs with this feature
```
